# my-color-today
## TLDR
Take firstname, birthday and the local date string of today, hash them via the web crypto api's sha256 function, take the first 6 digits of the hash in hexadecimal for the html color code and take the first 3 digits of the hash in hexadecimal to pull the corresponding prophecy text. Voila, that's it.

## Why?
Yeah, well, here's the story: I talked to a friend of mine once and she told me about some tiktok filter or something that gives you a "personal color" or something when you input your name. So my first thought was of course that it would take the name, hash it and then use the first part as some kind of color code. She wanted to use it for some kind of Warhammer painting challenge and was disappointed that there was just a small selection of colors that repeated for many people who participated. So, I was thinking about that and was thinking that I probably could do a better job. That day I sat down and programmed a website that hashes the name and sets the background color acoordingly. It was kinda horrible. I just copied some crc32 implementation online and to this day, I don't understand what it actually does. Well, I didn't even try to. It worked and that was the maximum amount of time I was willing to sink into that. I'm not a web developer. The text on the site was also really tongue in cheek. I called it "your personal magic color" or something. But my friend was happy and that made me think that I maybe should have done a better job.  
Anyway. So I was thinking that someone could make a website that gives you a new color daily. Then, llms became a thing (for me) and I was thinking I could also add some kind of daily horoscope to that color. I don't believe in horoscopes and that kind of stuff and I think too much money is made with superstitions. But I couldn't get that idea out of my head. I mean, how hard could it be to generate a couple of thousand magic color horoscope texts, hash some stuff, get a color and mash everything together? Not hard. But I still didn't do it. I'm no web developer. But then I tried the Codestral llm from mistral.ai. It does a ridiculously good job in making small websites with javascript and css. And that meant I was all out of excuses not to do it. Well, except for the moral implications of giving horoscopes to people. I call them prophecies on the site, because wikipedia says horoscopes are only real horoscopes when you mix in some star signs. So, yeah, the prophecy thing I only did because I could, not because I should. That's it. Well, not quite. I got a domain name for it. Turns out, domain names are still not for free. But damn, I had to do it, because at that point I already had a couple of thousand prophecies laying around and a github.io page just wouldn't cut it anymore. So I decided to make an account at tipeee for donations, in the hope that I maybe get enough donations to break even. We'll see.

## Other technical stuff
To create the prophecies I used the mistral.ai api. I used mistral-medium-2508 model, to be precise. I created 4096 prophecies with this prompt (via curl in a shellscript, of course):  
*Please write a short horoscope like text for today, but do not include any mention of starsigns or similiar. It is for a site, that does display the users personal color of the day. You can mention that, but do not mention any name of a color. Do not write any weekday or date, just refer to today. Do not write any other text.*

Then I extracted the prophecy texts from the json and sent them to mistral's moderation api to make sure that they are all safe. Zero of them were flagged. Which is good. I still decided to put the no warranty part from the AGPL v3 very prominently on the page, just to be sure. I decided to put it under the AGPL, because I am a huge fan of the GPL. Not necessarily of the FSF, but the GPL and AGPL are great.